---
layout: post
title: "Podcasts to Keep Up with ML and DS"
description: "Two of my favorite Podcasts on ML and AI."
headerimg: "podcast.jpg"
categories: [resources]
permalink: /blog/:title
---

Recently, I have found myself being pushed to learn more through podcasts. I have never really been a podcast guy. I would subscribe to ones I thought might be interesting, but would never actually listen to them. Recently, that changed.

A few months ago I came across an article--I do not remeber where now--that mentioned a few Data Science and Machine Learning podcasts. The two that have really stuck with me are: This Week in Machine Learning and AI [TWIMLAI](https://twimlai.com/) and [Data Skeptic](https://dataskeptic.com/).

TWIML Talk has really let me stay up to speed with what is happening in the world of Machine Learning and AI. TWIML covers almost any area of ML and AI you can think of. As a result, it is a great tool to stay abreast of what is happening in areas of ML or AI that you may not have regular exposure to. The host, Sam Charrington, gets some big names in ML--like Jeremy Howard, founder of fast.ai--on the show. This gives you the opportunity to hear about some the most exciting changes and developments in ML and AI from the thought leaders and innovators that are causing them.

Data Skeptic is highlevel approach to Data Science broadly. Data Skeptic, in the past, took a very wide approach to Data Science and Machine Learning. It covered both very specific issues or topics with researcher to broader highlevel concepts like click-through rates. Recently, however, Data Skeptic has shifted to focus on Natural Language Processing and related topics. Personally, I am excited about the shift as that is an area that I have been studying more deeply myself.

These are just *two* podcasts that *I think* are great. There a bunch of others out there like the [O'Reilly Data Show](https://www.oreilly.com/topics/oreilly-data-show-podcast) and [Data Stories](http://datastori.es/). I have listened to each of those a few times as well and they are also interesting. I have picked TWIML and Data Skeptic to keep up with regularly as they are most inline with my interests. Additionaly, it is too easy to overcommit your limited time to the increasing number of great Machine Learning and Data Science resources out there. 

Picking a good blog or Podcast is a great way to stay up to date with the changes in the fast growing feilds of AI and Machine Learning. Check out the few that I have listed here or seach away on google. There are a number of great articles out there listing the options and sumarizing their topics. I have two pieces of advice if you are looking for resources to stay up to date on the feild. First, only pick a few blogs or podcasts to follow--'few' will change person to person here. Some may be able to effectively follow 5 podcasts or blogs and others only 1. Second, pick what intests you *and* challenges you. If you are not learning new things from who and what you follow, either you need to follow something new or you need to start creating content to help the community.